# AM-I-Challenge

Development of a Mobile App using which the end-user can, by pressing a button submit his/her current location (latitude and longitude) to a backend server located at the Security Section.  At the back-end, on receipt of this latitude and longitude (query location) along with the time, the feeds of all the cameras at increasing distances from the query location must be made available for viewing through a select menu.  The deadline for the demonstration of this App, both front-end and back-end, will be scheduled in the first week of December 2022. 

# New Project Details

- ​The user interface is left to the imagination of the team.
- The input is a lat long and time which will be generated by the user using the mobile app. Let us call it victim location
- Output must be on a screen in the server where the victim location is marked as a point and the cameras around it get marked as points. When mouse over is done on the cameras it must display. - the cameras lat long with description. One can see the feed and also start recording for each of the cameras.
- All these recording must go into a specific directory.


# Path to the project

- App with Login Feature with Firebase Authentication
- App with a button to submit the current location and time to the "Firebase"
- Flask Server take data and use google map api to find information about the location [Basic Info and Distances between 2 points]
- Get the camera cordinates nearest to the person by calculating the distance between the person and the camera
- Use the camera feed using flask server and start calculating the distance between the person and each camera
- Web App to show the camera feed and the distance with the menu to select the camera feed


# Api Endpoints

- login - Firebase Authentication
- \Get the current location and time after pressing the button ["Beta" keep 1 user id]
    - Preprocessing the data and applying the google map api to get the basic info about the location
    - Get the camera cordinates nearest to the person by calculating the distance between the person and the camera
    - Save relaveant data to the firebase [Nearst_camera, cordinates, distance, time, location]
- \POST Web for a user
    - Display the user name on Web Page 
    - Display the camera feed and the distance with the menu to select the camera feed

# Run backend

Main Backend

`flask run --reload --port 5001`

Camera Feed

`python app.py`